Management Center (LCMC) contracts that provide and deliver or transfer supply. Basic , Delivery Orders, Task Orders, and their modifications if the mod introduced supply to the contract.

Contract examples include but are not limited to:

1.       Platform production contracts that procure and deliver initial spares

2.       Contract mods (ECPs) that change configuration and deliver mod kits and spares

3.       Supply contracts that replenish Government Furnished Material (GFM)

4.       Contracts that purchase Contractor Acquired Property (CAP) which becomes USG property at the end of the contract

5.       Services contracts that transfer GFM to and from repair/overhaul facilities

6.       Contracts classified as Services contracts but have a small percentage of supply CLINS

7.       Etc…



A PWS or SOW is typically an Attachment to the contract. Are they available in the database as well? The following PWS/SOW paragraph statements are also of interest to perform a search on.



Statement Of Work

ASSIST Documents for Specifications Listed in the GSA Index of Federal

Specifications, Standards and Commercial Item Descriptions

The contractor shall use the ASSIST website to access specification,

standards, data item descriptions documents listed in this contract

solicitation:

http://quicksearch.dla.mil/

PRESERVATION, PACKAGING & MARKING REQUIREMENTS

The contractor shall develop, implement and maintain the preservation,

packaging and packing of all items to be delivered under the terms of this

contract.  Packaging procedures will be established in accordance with AFMCI

24-201, specifically Paragraph 3.7 and MIL-STD-2073-1,  Standard Practice

for Military Packaging (current revision); Packaging requirements are

identified in the AFMC Form 158, Packaging Requirements submitted by the

responsible packaging specialist. All "markings and labeling" of shipments

shall conform to MIL-STD 129, DoD Standard Practice, Military Marking for

Shipment and Storage (current revision)  The contractor "shall" affix a

completed DD Form 1574, Serviceable Tag-Materiel or DD Form 1574-1,

Serviceable Label- Materiel to each unit pack or intermediate container and

prime outer container(s).  The tag or label will indicate the condition(s)

of the materiel and to identify the individual article or contents, bundle,

container to which they are securely attached.



SPECIAL PACKAGING INSTRUCTIONS RETRIEVAL & ECHANGE SYSTEMS

The contractor may request for a SPIRES account via the URL below to verify

current packaging data requirements & drawings:

https://spires.wpafb.af.mil/





INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS FOR PHYTOSANITARY MEASURES

(ISPM NO. 15) REQUIREMENTS

The contractor shall use the wood packaging material regulation for

international trade which describes phytosanitary (including treatments)

that have been approved for wood packaging material and provides for the

approval of new or revised treatments. Use the latest revision of (ISPM No.

15), and the following statement complies with the United

Nations-implemented restrictions on wood packaging material (WPM).  "This

requirement is specifically concerned with invasive species such as pinewood

nematode.  WPM is defined as wood pallets, skids, load boards, pallet

collars, wooden boxes, reels, dunnage, crates, frames, and cleats.  The

statement below cites the requirements in detail and covers lumber for

building containers and pallets used for deliveries resulting in worldwide

shipments (direct vendor deliveries, Air Logistics complex (ALC), Container

Consolidation Points (CCP), Aerial Ports, Water Ports, or other DoD

installations.):



ELECTROSTATIC MATERIAL (When Applicable)

The Contractor shall apply provisions of MIL-STD-1686, (current revision)

when identifying all solid state devices and modules containing diodes,

translators, integrated circuits and/or other microelectronic components

sensitive to electrostatic forces.  All such items shall be packaged IAW

MIL_STD 2073-1 using electrostatic free barrier materials and shall clearly

bear "Electrostatic Sensitive Device" labels IAW MIL-STD 129, Department of

Defense Standard Practice Military Marking for Shipment and Storage.



PALLETIZED UNIT LOADS

The Contractor shall apply provisions and methods of MIL-STD-147, current

revision to contracts requiring the preparation and shipment of bonded

palletized unit loads for DoD facilities.



HAZARDOUS MATERIALS (When Applicable)

The contractor shall ensure Hazardous shipments comply with International

Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), U.S. Code of Federal Regulations (CFR)

Title 49, International Air Transport Association (IATA) Dangerous Goods

Regulation, International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code (IMDG, Annex 1), and

AFMAN24-204_IP, Preparing Hazardous Materials for Military Air Shipments.

Packaging shall meet "DOT specification or a United Nation (UN)

specification " manufactured in accordance with 49 CFR, Part 178 and the

final packages assembled IAW 49 CFR, Parts 100-185 as applicable.  A

Competent Authority Approval (CAA) shall be acquired from the responsible

Associate Administrator or other designated Department official to perform a

function requiring prior consent under the Hazardous Material Regulation

(HMR).  Packages(s) shall be marked IAW MIL-STD-129, DoD Standard Practice,

Military Marking for Shipment and Storage. The contractor "shall" affix a

completed DD Form 1574, Serviceable Tag-Materiel or DD Form 1574-1,

Serviceable Label- Materiel to each unit pack or intermediate container and

prime outer container(s).  The tag or label will indicate the condition(s)

of the materiel and to identify the individual article or contents, bundle,

container to which they are securely attached.  If a symbol is used to

represent the manufacturer or the approval agency certifying compliance with

49 CFR 178, subparts L and M, the symbol must be registered with the U.S.

Department of Transportation.  A copy of the Contractor's Test Report and

signed certification that the package configuration meets both CFR and UN

requirements shall be made available to the procuring contract office, as

required, prior to acceptance or shipment of any portion of the product IAW

Contract Data Requirements List (CDRL) (Reference AFMC Form 158).  Safety

Data Sheets (SDS) are required for known hazardous items and applicable

items shown in FED-STD-313, Tables I and II.  The SDS shall have any

applicable identification number, such as National Stock Number or Special

Item Number.  A copy of the SDS shall be mailed or e-mailed no later than

"FIVE" days prior to contractual delivery of items:
